Improve docs of url field (#1714)
r-lib/pkgdown: vignettes/pkgdown.Rmd

The easiest way to publish your website is to use GitHub [`docs/` directory][docs] support. If you want to build and publish your package automatically with GitHub actions, try `usethis::use_github_action("pkgdown")`.

Once your site is online you must finish configuring it by adding its URL to its configuration file.

> This URL will be used by pkgdown to e.g. generate the metadata correcty (see `vignette("metadata")`) -- refer to `?build_site` for reading about more functionalities that needs the URL to be stored in the configuration file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This URL will be used by pkgdown to e.g. generate the metadata correcty (see `vignette("metadata")`). See `?build_site` for other effects of specifying this important parameter..
```
